---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<div class="container"><h3>My love of acoustic music started in the high country of North Carolina. Not having a guitar of my own when I was young and being left-handed, I taught myself how to play on my brother’s guitar – upside down. I was 17 years old when I got my hands on a brand new Martin D-18, later a D-35 and finally an N-20. I never looked back or wanted other guitars.<br><br>While in Southeast Asia in the military, I wrote a song called Galaxy about “Operation Baby Lift” aircraft that crashed while attempting to rescue hundreds of orphaned children from the war zone. This event changed my life.  I was broken apart by seeing so much death.  I quickly realized that nobody was coming for these children. . “Galaxy” took only minutes to write, and although it is a very simple song, it allowed me to win one of the highest Air Force music awards at a USAF worldwide show.<br><br>I seemed destined to meet great musicians and others involved in music. During my years in college in the North Carolina mountains, I came to know some very talented people, many of whom are now life-long friends. By sheer chance, I ended up in the middle of the Chapel Hill music scene where I met Steve Gronback, a sound engineer that would take me through three projects, help me with others I produced, and introduce me to musicians that I loved working with. I spent nearly six years playing on the road for 50 weeks per year. I met my wife while playing in North Carolina, we settled in the Carolinas and now we have three wonderful kids. A few years ago I started working on my home studio which is now a main focus along with my song writing and recording with other people.<br><br>My newest project, Road to Damascus actually began as nothing more than an idea to record a few demo songs. Soon it changed to a 13 song project. Road to Damascus took longer to record than most projects mostly due to differing schedules, but we were finally able to complete it a few weeks ago. Several people asked me why I mixed Christian and secular songs in one project. The answer is that I don’t actually pick the songs – they pick me. What I write and what I love goes into the project. The song, Road to Damascus actually started as an instrumental and then grew while we were recording it. Another song on this project is about a creek where I spent time as a boy. Some of the other songs came from reflections of events or places in my life, and for the first time I also decided to record favorites songs of mine by other artists.  I really enjoyed the process of recording those songs.<br><br>Most of this project was recorded outside of what most consider a commercial music studio. That was both hard and fun. Now that it is completed, I am looking forward to producing my son Tanner’s first EP, planning my next project, and working with other musicians on various ideas and projects of their own.<br><br>I do appreciate everyone’s support so much. It has been a long and costly road to re-obtain the publishing rights to my music, bring three past projects to CD, and at the same time record new music while working on the studio.<br><br>You have no idea how much I appreciate the musicians and engineers who have surrounded me and have lifted me up to a better sound, and to my wife who loves acoustic music and often helps shape the final sound on a song while I am recording. I also appreciate the rest of my family being in the band or helping with digital aspects of the art and new logo. I hope everyone will enjoy the newest addition to my music.<br><br>I am now looking forward to the next project. Enjoy!<br><br>Bill</h3></div>